Mohammad Alidadi
1.	Why do you need to have a smart home?
2.	What made you think of having a smart home?
3.	What specific aspect made you think of the smart homes?
4.	How many people are living in your house?
5.	Is anyone thinking about moving out?
6.	What time of day all of you spend at home?
7.	What time of day no one is at home?
8.	What activities each individual do while at home?
9.	What time do all of you leave the house in the morning and what time you come back?
10.	Who is the household?

Neelofer Shama
1.Do the customers have any other smart home devices/products? If yes, what all are controlled by those devices? Should our product replace them or integrate along with them?
2.How do the customers wish to access the devices?Should it be only mobile devices or laptops also? Any specific OS preference?
3.Security surveillance compromises privacy. So what are their privacy constraints?
4.What are the priority requirements of each stakeholder?
5.What are the diff age groups of stakeholders?What is the most important requirement of each stakeholder?


Tushar
1. Who are the stakeholders? What is the time duration? What is the budget?
2. What are the features needed by the stakeholders?
3. Is there any kind of special needs for any stakeholder/s like disability of some kind?
4. Does the smart home also will equip sustainable energy practices?
5. What are the priority requirements of each stakeholder/s?


Mohammad Alidadi
1.Who are the stakeholders? What feature they need?
2.What features the system should provide for the pet?
Food dispenser
Collar with tracking feature
3. What features are needed in terms of environmental considerations?
Centralized Central HVAC systems
Air purifier
Water Purifier
Reminder for changing air and water filters 
4. What features are needed in terms of accessibility?
5. What features are needed in terms of energy saving?
Temperature monitoring and optimizing
solar panels
6. What features are needed in terms of security?
CCTV
Intrusion alarm
smart door lock
smart door bell
Motion detectors
smoke and heat detector
Door/window contacts
private guard response
Face detector cameras
7. What features are needed in terms of entertainment?
Speaker sets in all rooms
music and video steaming
8. What features are needed in terms of automation?
automated curtain
Groceries reminder

Qing Li
1.What is the age of the customer? Does  the customer have children?
2.Does the customer prefer to operate this platform on laptop or mobile phone?
3.What is customer’s monthly bill for the utility of electricity? What is the expected/ideal cost for the utility of electricity for each customer?
4.What the security system needs to do for customer? 
For example, detecting an intrusion, sending a notification to the customer’s phone and scaring away a potential intruder.
5. Which do you think is the best way to interact with smart home devices?
A. Interacting with user interface	
B. Interacting with voice	
C. Combining both of them
6. For the purpose of security, which do you think is the best way for the identification when logging into smart home system?
A. Via biological information (face, iris, voice, fingerprint etc.)
B. Via password
7.If smart home system could have different self-governing modes, what do you prefer?( choose more than one answer)
A. Day mode
B. Night mode
C. Voyage mode
D. Energy Saving mode
E. Kids mode

Neda Kalantari

1-How many members does your family consist of?
2-What are the age groups of your family members?
3-	What type of home do you live in?
Big and old house with tick walls
Rented property
4-What smart devices do you need?
5-	When it comes to cameras, do you want one which uploads all photos and films to the manufacturer's server, or do you want a system which records footage either locally to an SD card, or to your own Dropbox account?
6-	How much budget have you considered for making your home smart?
7-	Which areas of your home do you prefer to make smart?
Living room
Kitchen
Bedrooms
garden
8- Who has the main decision making role in your family?
9- Do you prefer to give some permissions to your guests as the users of your smart home system?
10-What kind of devices do you prefer to use to interact with the system?
Smart Phones
Tablets
Laptops
Smart watches

